# SocialBotTFG

## Folder structure
The main project folder contains several subfolders with the next content in each folder:

- data(generated): This folder contains the files generated by the project after working with Twitter data.
- data(manual): This folder contains the files obtained directly from Twitter data.
- logs: Contains the file where execution information is logged.
- models: Contains the generated by the system models for text and action generation.
- src: Contains two subforlders in it:
    - main: Contains the system main code and resourcers.
    - test: Contains system tests and tests resources.
-twint: It contains the Twint application files needed to gather tweets from Twint.

It also contains several configuration and utility files.

- .gitignore: This file is used to mention the files that are not updated to git repository.
- pom.xml: A configuration file for maven. It contains the dependencies that are used in the system.
- README.md: This file used to describe folder content.
- scalastyle-output.xml: File that contains all the warnings that the scalastyle plugin found after compiling. It will
 mainly contain avoid using null, avoid mutable fields, avoid wildcard imports and avoid using magic numbers.
- scalastyle_config.xml: File that contains all the rules for the scalastyle plugin.

## System execution
To execute the system it is needed to package the code with maven. In order to do that, it is needed to execute the
 next command in the console in project root:  \
`mvn package`\
A new folder with name target will be located under root. Inside that folder there will be a jar file called
 socialbottfg-0.0.1-jar-with-dependencies.jar. With a new command it will be possible to launch the system. The
  command that will be used is the next one: \
`java -jar socialbottfg-0.0.1-jar-with-dependencies.jar --consumer-token-key keyValue --consumer-token-key-secret
 secretKeyValue --access-token-key accessKeyValue --access-token-key-secret accessKeySecret` \
 where there is a key value for every parameter corresponding to the user twitter profile.
The last thing to do is to follow the system menu.
